[QG][KIM] Application that generates loads by creating or deleting Runtime CR (#421)
kyma-project/infrastructure-manager: hack/performance/README.md

# Runtime Load Generator

## Overview

> The `rt-load` program is used to generate performance test loads by creating or deleting Runtime resources in a Kubernetes cluster. All of the Runtime Custom Resources created by this program will be linked to the same Gardener cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rt-load` program generates performance test loads by creating or deleting runtime resources in a Kubernetes cluster. All of the runtime custom resources created by this program are linked to the same Gardener cluster.
```

## Building the Binary

To build the `rt-load` binary from the `main.go` file, follow these steps:

1. Open a terminal and navigate to the directory containing the `main.go` file.
2. Run the following command to build the binary:

    ```sh
    go build -o rt-load main.go
    ```
   
## Usage

```sh
rt-load <command> [options]
```

## Commands

### `create`

> Creates a specified number of Runtime resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a specified number of runtime resources.
```

#### Options

- `--load-id <STRING>`: The identifier (label) of the created load (**required**).
- `--name-prefix <STRING>`: The prefix used to generate each runtime name (**required**).
- `--kubeconfig <STRING>`: The path to the Kubeconfig file (**required**).
- `--rt-number <INT>`: The number of the runtimes to be created (**required**).
- `--rt-template <STRING>`: The absolute path to the YAML file with the runtime template (**required**).
- `--run-on-ci <BOOL>`: Identifies if the load is running on CI (**optional**, default is `false`).

#### Example

```sh
./rt-load create --load-id my-load --name-prefix my-runtime --kubeconfig /path/to/kubeconfig --rt-number 10 --rt-template /path/to/template.yaml
```

### `delete`

> Deletes Runtime resources based on the specified load ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes runtime resources based on the specified load ID.
```
